yo everybody got stuffed like we got
is small enough for a short video
on skyrim as you can see
so here I am with my barge barge
just start an adventure
so you're actually I'm going to show you
some episodes not of my adventure
but just a few places not bad
we can find stuff so there by
example I'm going to show you how
make the quest for the gold claw from the
start that can be really good
here is the quest for the claw
Golden
already we will go the furthest from the most
far from the farthest I will quickly
hurry because
tafer and videos too long so here
where she so from rivoyre here
so you see that's the two entered
wood shores but from there you
so can run all the way and so
so you go after you have traveled the
way to the ball to you go
to find something not bad at all it's a
little camp says no that I think that
everyone knows him but I think
that there are people who do not take the
time to search it so this game I
want to show you this really
as they say who is really not bad
so that's when you continue
you come across which you fall all
right on it we will quickly hurry
so that's when you continue to
fall on the stuff t3 stone so has it
you can continue running there
there is no problem
I just show you where is a
little con gangster that after having
searched you'll be able so here it is
there so when we claim after having
searched you yeah the camp asks you
you 3 so he is there when ben say so
for for all any approximate reference
he is he is he and the mules he is where
then I'm getting lost I'm good
month on this map also where there wait
I have my share I like the space was waiting
of them - so these spaces and my
fertility its halts so here they
flee and me so here is the camp
said i'm going to show you his place on
the map
So that's just after the three
stones i will try to cards
local is here so it's just there
when you go back the way drif wood
feasible on the mine of red breizh the
stones and after you will fall
directly on this camp of ben 10 lo
so once you've searched it and
you all have fodder in
So here I have not searched everything
first of all, it allows me to
go back here you'll find everything
a lot of little things and on one of
three bandits there will be three bandits
on one of the three bandits there will be
okay so that's it once again you
have missed these three things here so
I have one of the bandits who is see here
so here he goes you loot a map
so watch ya writing treasure map
or à la carte with treasure unique number
know that's it so you have
the location here so we go all of
following very quickly typing at
we will immediately get out
so quickly to the map so it happens
here I hurry
I even know what I can you go
banging happens wood and from
wood shores I'm going to show you the
way to access this chest
hidden somehow so you can
simply cut by the river
I take the route here
base ie the little bridge there
which is the simplest cd of
itineraries to explain you that's it
so you have your foal the bridge that
leads to the road that leads to white shores
that white riveted to the bottom about
so here you go
you continue there so there you have
fall on crabs on the on the
bank you can destroyer if you
do I want to spend that I'm
hurry diaye so that's it once you
have passed the bridge you turn left
behind the poles
did you go there on the other side of
the shore
you will always continue always
always always straight
here and then after having arrived at his
big trunk here you are going to have a
kind of path and a huge trunk
gigantic here is in this trunk
you will find a safe and in this
body there will be a lot of stuff for a
beginner so I take everything here
so the chest will only complain if
you opened the treasure map at
less once
so here I hope that the video you
will have pleased if this is the case
bah do not hesitate to leave a gem
comments and then listen to the
next video I would do on skyrim
it will be for to have the quest for the
gold claw percent before
as the yarn 2
de lange shores asks you to go to
tormented fallen mound what you
will have an easy 4 and
to have discovered falls in the ground
to show before having the quest of
dia so here is the video of the game
really hungry here I hope that
you will have pleased do not hesitate to you
subscribe to test a gem 1 inch green
commented I like to do this the
same thing world commented and listen
legs a lease everyone